Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#4205)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: Can we just add a link to the [Learn doc](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/dotnet/contribute/overview) instead of duplicating the info?

Author: Thanks for pointing those out. Contributing should not be in docs. I'll try to get them deleted.

Author: https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet/pull/135

> # Contributor License agreement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Contributor License agreements
```

> Please visit [https://cla.microsoft.com/](https://cla.microsoft.com/) and sign the Contributor License Agreement.  You only need to do that once. We can not look at your code until you've submitted this request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please visit [https://cla.microsoft.com/](https://cla.microsoft.com/) and sign the Contributor License Agreement.  You only need to do that once. We cannot look at your code until you've submitted this request.
```

> Please visit [https://cla.microsoft.com/](https://cla.microsoft.com/) and sign the Contributor License Agreement.  You only need to do that once. We can not look at your code until you've submitted this request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please visit [https://cla.microsoft.com/](https://cla.microsoft.com/) and sign the Contributor License Agreements.  You only need to do that once. We can not look at your code until you've submitted this request.
```

# Setup, Building and Testing 

## Prerequisites to Build MSAL.NET

Visual Studio 2022 or higher is needed. VS Code / VS for Mac are not supported.
To build the mobile targets, install the Maui workload. To build UWP, install Windows SDK 177630.

## Build 

MSAL .Net supports many target frameworks, by default it does not enable the mobile targets and the legacy targets. Unit tests exist only for the base frameworks.
To load all targets, edit Microsoft.Identity.Client.csproj or set an env variable named INCLUDE_MOBILE_AND_LEGACY_TFM to value "1" and restart Visual Studio.

> Open `LibsAndSamples.sln` for a bigger solution with lots of apps that exercise MSAL. You may have to disable some dev apps. Load `LibsNoSamples.sln` for a small solution that has the library and the tests. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open `LibsAndSamples.sln` for a bigger solution with lots of developer apps that exercise MSAL. You may have to disable some dev apps. Load `LibsNoSamples.sln` for a small solution that has the library and the tests. 
```
